1.1 Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by us and are used only by us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of our site and to provide and improve our services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.

1.2 All Cookies used by and on our site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.

1.3 Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a pop-up requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of our Site may not function fully or as intended.

1.4 Certain features of our site depend on Cookies to function. Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be “strictly necessary”. These Cookies are shown below in section 1.5. Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies, but it is still important that you are aware of them. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings as detailed below in section 1.6, but please be aware that our site may not work properly if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.

1.5 The following first party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:

Name of Cookie	Purpose	Strictly Necessary
_wpfuuid	Functional cookie	NO
fr	Encrypted Facebook ID and Browser ID used for advertisement	NO
X-Mapping-fjhppofk	Used to route data and page requests to the correct server where a site is hosted on multiple servers.	NO
_gat	This cookie is typically written to the browser upon the first visit. If the cookie has been deleted by the browser operator, and the browser subsequently visits pwc.com, a new _gat cookie is written with a different unique ID. In most cases, this cookie is used to determine unique visitors to pwc.com and it is updated with each page view. Additionally, this cookie is provided with a unique ID that Google Analytics uses to ensure both the validity and accessibility of the cookie as an extra security measure.	NO
_gat_UA	Tracking cookie for analytics.js. Used to throttle request rate.	NO
_jsuid	Used to collect information about how visitors find and use our Website. We use the information to compile reports and statistics on our most popular pages and to generally help us improve the Website.	NO
_first_pageview	Used to collect information about how visitors find and use our Website. We use the information to compile reports and statistics on our most popular pages and to generally help us improve the Website.	NO
_gid	Used to distinguish users.	NO
_ga	Used to distinguish users.	NO
vuid	We use Vimeo to embed videos onto our website. These cookies are used by Vimeo to collect analytics tracking information.	NO
1.6 In addition to the controls that we provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.

1.7 You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any time, however you may lose any information that enables you to access our site more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.

1.8 It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.